[Doc] Improve the documentation for ODOP (#3006)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/advanced/odop.md

For convenience, let's call the hybrid scheme **objective data-oriented
programming** (ODOP).

## Data-oriented class

> If you need to define a **Taichi kernel** as a property inside a python class, it's needed to decorate the class with a `@ti.data_oriented` decorator. Then, you could define `ti.kernel` and `ti.func` in your data-oriented class in pleasure!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to define a **Taichi kernel** as a Python class member function, you need to decorate the class with a `@ti.data_oriented` decorator. Then, you can define `ti.kernel`s and `ti.func`s in your *data-oriented* Python class.
```

:::note

> **Taichi kernel**'s grammar is the same as the python function. This means the first argument of the function would be the class instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first argument of the function should be the class instance ("`self`"), unless you are defining a `@staticmethod`.
```

:::

A brief example:

```python {1}
@ti.data_oriented
class TiArray:
    def __init__(self, n):

>         self.x = ti.field(ti.i32, shape=n)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        self.x = ti.field(dtype=ti.i32, shape=n)
```

    @ti.kernel
    def inc(self):
        for i in self.x:
            self.x[i] += 1

a = TiArray(32)
a.inc()
```

> **Taichi kernel**'s grammar is same as the python function. Which means the common decorator of a class function, such as `@staticmethod`, could apply to `ti.kernel` and `ti.func` too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can apply common class functions decorators, such as `@staticmethod`, to `ti.kernel`s and `ti.func`s.
```

> A much longer example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A longer example:
```

programming** (ODOP).

## Data-oriented class

If you need to define a **Taichi kernel** as a Python class member function, you need to decorate the class with a `@ti.data_oriented` decorator. Then, you can define `ti.kernel`s and `ti.func`s in your *data-oriented* Python class.

:::note
The first argument of the function should be the class instance ("`self`"), unless you are defining a `@staticmethod`.
:::

A brief example:

```python {1}
@ti.data_oriented
class TiArray:
    def __init__(self, n):
        self.x = ti.field(dtype=ti.i32, shape=n)

    @ti.kernel
    def inc(self):
        for i in self.x:
            self.x[i] += 1.0

a = TiArray(32)
a.inc()
```

After new feature **Dynamic SNode** released in `v0.8.0`, you could define **Taichi Fields** not only in `__init__` but also **any place** of Python-scope functions, like:

```python
import taichi as ti

ti.init(arch=ti.cuda)

@ti.data_oriented
class MyClass:
    @ti.kernel
    def func(self, temp: ti.template()):
        for i in ti.grouped(temp):
            temp[i] += 1

    def call_func(self):
        self.func(self.temp)

    def allocate_temp(self, n):
        self.temp = ti.field(dtype = ti.i32, shape=n)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

a = MyClass()

> # a.call_func()

Reviewer: What does this mean?

> # temp has not been allocated now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# a.temp has not been allocated at this point
```

a.allocate_temp(4)
a.call_func()
a.call_func()
print(a.temp)
a.allocate_temp(8)
a.call_func()
print(a.temp)
```

> Another example of automatically recycle memory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another memory recycling example:
```
Why is it automatic?

```python
import taichi as ti

> ti.init(arch=ti.cuda)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ti.init()
```

@ti.data_oriented
class Calc:
    def __init__(self):
        self.x = ti.field(dtype=ti.f32, shape=16)
        self.y = ti.field(dtype=ti.f32, shape=4)

    @ti.kernel
    def func(self, temp: ti.template()):
        for i in range(8):
            temp[i] = self.x[i * 2] + self.x[i * 2 + 1]

        for i in range(4):
            self.y[i] = max(temp[i * 2], temp[i * 2 + 1])

    def call_func(self):
        fb = ti.FieldsBuilder()
        temp = ti.field(dtype=ti.f32)
        fb.dense(ti.i, 8).place(temp)
        tree = fb.finalize()
        self.func(temp)
        tree.destroy()

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

a = Calc()
for i in range(16):
    a.x[i] = i
a.call_func()
print(a.y)
```

## Some workaround about Python

> ### Inherit of data-oriented class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Inheritance of data-oriented classes
```

The *data-oriented* property will be automatically carried beyond the Python class inheriting. This means the **Taichi Kernel** could be called while any of the ancestor classes are decorated by the `@ti.data_oriented` decorator.

An example:
```python
import taichi as ti

ti.init(arch=ti.cuda)

class BaseClass:
    def __init__(self):
        self.n = 10
        self.num = ti.field(dtype=ti.i32, shape=(self.n, ))

    @ti.kernel
    def count(self) -> ti.i32:
        ret = 0
        for i in range(self.n):
            ret += self.num[i]
        return ret

    @ti.kernel
    def add(self, d: ti.i32):
        for i in range(self.n):
            self.num[i] += d

@ti.data_oriented
class DataOrientedClass(BaseClass):
    pass

class DeviatedClass(DataOrientedClass):
    @ti.kernel
    def sub(self, d: ti.i32):
        for i in range(self.n):
            self.num[i] -= d

a = DeviatedClass()
a.add(1)
a.sub(1)
print(a.count()) # Output: 0

b = DataOrientedClass()
b.add(2)
print(b.count()) # Output: 1

c = BaseClass()
# c.add(3)
# print(c.count())

> # These two lines would cause error...

Reviewer: Grammar-wise you may want to change this line to 
```
# The two lines above will trigger a (what kind of) error.
```

Please specify the type of error for more clarity.
